Allow cloud.* ad faas.* resource attributes to be set on span (#1265)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/resource/semantic_conventions/cloud.md

| `azure` | Microsoft Azure |
| `gcp` | Google Cloud Platform |
<!-- endsemconv -->

> Note: When used in serverless function, all `cloud` resource attributes MAY also be used as span attributes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When used in serverless function, some or all `cloud` resource attributes MAY also be used as span attributes.
```
